fix(css-bundle): exclude pure web component css from css bundle (#305)
emdgroup-liquid/liquid: CONTRIBUTING.md

### How to run tests

There are multiple commands available as npm scripts for running different kinds of tests:

> Unit tests, functional (e2e) tests as well as visual regression tests (using screenshots) are [handled by Stencil](https://stenciljs.com/docs/testing-overview). We also run accessibility tests within the functional tests suits using [axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests, functional (e2e) tests as well as visual regression tests (using screenshots) are [handled by Stencil](https://stenciljs.com/docs/testing-overview). We also run accessibility tests within the functional test suites using [axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core).
```

#### Local development

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) (version 3 - head over to https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install for instructions on how to install the latest yarn version).
need to be installed on your machine.
2. Install dependencies by executing `yarn` inside the project folder.
3. Run `yarn build`. This step is necessary before first start up of the local dev server (it generates required type definitions within the src/liquid folder).
4. Start up the local development server with `yarn start`.

> 5. Now head over to [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) - you shoud see the Liquid docs site (on first build it may take a while until it shows up - relax and be patient).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Now head over to [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) - you shoud see the Liquid docs site.  
```
I'm not sure if the last part is still true. But I think we should leave it out anyway.
